cellframe-node/build/cellframe-node /opt/cellframe-node/bin
cellframe-node/build/cellframe-node-cli /opt/cellframe-node/bin
cellframe-node/build/cellframe-node-tool /opt/cellframe-node/bin
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/core-t.0.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/core-t.1.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/core-t.2.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/kelvin.testnet.root.0.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/kelvin.testnet.root.1.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/kelvin.testnet.root.01.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/kelvin.testnet.root.2.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/kelvin.testnet.root.02.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/kelvin.testnet.root.3.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/kelvin.testnet.root.4.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/kelvin.testnet.root.5.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/kelvin.testnet.root.6.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/kelvin.testnet.root.7.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/kelvin.testnet.root.8.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/kelvin.testnet.root.9.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/subzero.cellframe.root.0.pub.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/subzero.cellframe.root.1.pub.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/subzero.cellframe.root.2.pub.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/subzero.cellframe.root.3.pub.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/ca/subzero.cellframe.root.4.pub.dcert /opt/cellframe-node/share/ca
cellframe-node/dist/share/configs/cellframe-node.cfg.tpl /opt/cellframe-node/share/configs
cellframe-node/dist/share/configs/network/core-t.cfg.tpl /opt/cellframe-node/share/configs/network
cellframe-node/dist/share/configs/network/kelvin-testnet.cfg.tpl /opt/cellframe-node/share/configs/network
cellframe-node/dist/share/configs/network/private.cfg.tpl /opt/cellframe-node/share/configs/network
cellframe-node/dist/share/configs/network/subzero.cfg.tpl /opt/cellframe-node/share/configs/network
cellframe-node/dist/share/configs/network/subzero.cfg.tpl /opt/cellframe-node/share/configs/network
cellframe-node/dist.linux/share/cellframe-node.service /opt/cellframe-node/share
cellframe-node/dist.linux/share/apt/demlabskey.gpg /opt/cellframe-node/share/apt
cellframe-node/dist.linux/share/apt/demlabskey.gpg /opt/cellframe-node/share/apt
cellframe-node/dist.linux/share/logrotate/cellframe-node /opt/cellframe-node/share/logrotate
cellframe-node/dist.linux/share/profile.d/cellframe-node.sh /opt/cellframe-node/share/profile.d
cellframe-node/dist.linux/etc/network/core-t/chain-0.cfg /opt/cellframe-node/etc/network/core-t
cellframe-node/dist.linux/etc/network/core-t/chain-plasma.cfg /opt/cellframe-node/etc/network/core-t
cellframe-node/dist.linux/etc/network/kelvin-testnet/chain-0.cfg /opt/cellframe-node/etc/network/kelvin-testnet
cellframe-node/dist.linux/etc/network/kelvin-testnet/chain-plasma.cfg /opt/cellframe-node/etc/network/kelvin-testnet
cellframe-node/dist.linux/etc/network/subzero/chain-0.cfg /opt/cellframe-node/etc/network/subzero
cellframe-node/dist.linux/etc/network/subzero/support-chain.cfg /opt/cellframe-node/etc/network/subzero